Parametrize service account creation (#13)
CircleCI-Public/circleci-runner-k8s: README.md

  --namespace your-namespace
```

### Setup with parametrized Service Account 

> There may be cases where you do not want Helm to create the Service Account resource for you or you would like to use different name for it. One case would be if you are creating multiple Helm Releases. In these cases you would need to create a service account on different name or reuse existing one. Otherwise deployment would failed with HR error: *"Unable to continue with install: ServiceAccount 'circleci-runner' exists and cannot be imported into the current release"*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be cases where a service account does not need to be created, or one already exists that should be reused. The `values.yaml` file can be modified to accommodate this scenario. 

A new service account is created by default with the suggested values.yaml file. Setting the account name to `circleci-runner`. The `serviceAccount.name` value in `values.yaml` can be modified to a different name as required for deployment. 

An existing service account can be reused by setting the `serviceAccount.name` parameter in the `values.yaml` file to the name of the existing account, and setting `serviceAccount.create` to `false`. This may be required when creating multiple helm releases from this chart. 

More details about using and configuring a service account can be found in the [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/rbac/#yaml-configuration).
```
